semi-colon, not colon (#28686)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/data-_star_/index.md

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/tabbed/attribute-data.html","tabbed-standard")}}

All such custom data are available via the {{domxref("HTMLElement")}} interface of the element the attribute is set on. The {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}} property gives access to them.

> The `*` may be replaced by any name following [the production rule of XML names](https://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml/#NT-Name) which includes the following restrictions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `*` may be replaced by any name following [the production rule of XML names](https://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml/#NT-Name) which includes the following recommendations:
```

> - The name should not start with `xml` (case-insensitive).
> - The name should not contain any semi-colon characters (`;`).
> - The name should not contain any capital letters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The name should not start with `xml` (case-insensitive), as it's reserved for future XML specifications.
- The name should not contain any colon characters (`:`), as XML assigns meaning to such names.
- The name should not contain any capital letters, as XML is all lowercase.
```

> In JavaScript, the {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}} property is a {{domxref("DOMStringMap")}} containing all the custom data attributes for an {{domxref("HTMLElement")}}. For example, `element.getAttribute("data-test")` is equivalent to `element.dataset.test`. The `dataset` version of the attribute name removes the "data-" prefix and converts the rest of the name from snake-case to camelCase. For example, `data-test-abc` will be accessible as `HTMLElement.dataset.testAbc` (or by `HTMLElement.dataset["testAbc"]`). Non-alphabetic characters following a hyphen are not valid, for example `data-test-1` or `data--test`. If you plan to use {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}, the name can only include characters allowed in JavaScript property names (and hyphens, which will be removed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are just recommendations. If these naming recommendations are not followed, no errors will occur. The attributes will still be matched using CSS [attribute selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors), with the attribute being case insensitive and any attribute value being case-sensitive. Attributes not conforming to these three recommendations will also still be recognized by the  JavaScript {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}} property and user-agents will include the attribute in the {{domxref("DOMStringMap")}} containing all the custom data attributes for an {{domxref("HTMLElement")}}.

If you plan to use {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}, the portion of the attribute name following the `data-` can only include characters allowed in JavaScript property names (and hyphens, which will be removed). The `dataset` version of the attribute name removes the "data-" prefix and converts the rest of the name from snake-case to camelCase. For example, `element.getAttribute("data-test")` is equivalent to `element.dataset.test` and `data-test-abc` will be accessible as `HTMLElement.dataset.testAbc` (or by `HTMLElement.dataset["testAbc"]`). Avoid non-alphabetic characters following a hyphen, such as `data-test-1` or `data--test`,  as they will not be recognized by {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}.
```

> In JavaScript, the {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}} property is a {{domxref("DOMStringMap")}} containing all the custom data attributes for an {{domxref("HTMLElement")}}. For example, `element.getAttribute("data-test")` is equivalent to `element.dataset.test`. The `dataset` version of the attribute name removes the "data-" prefix and converts the rest of the name from snake-case to camelCase. For example, `data-test-abc` will be accessible as `element.dataset.testAbc` (or by `element.dataset["testAbc"]`). Non-alphabetic characters following a hyphen are not valid, for example `data-test-1` or `data--test`. If you plan to use {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}, the name can only include characters allowed in JavaScript property names (and hyphens, which will be removed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are recommendations. If these naming recommendations are not followed, no errors will occur. The attributes will still be matched using CSS [attribute selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors), with the attribute being case insensitive and any attribute value being case-sensitive. Attributes not conforming to these three recommendations will also still be recognized by the  JavaScript {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}} property and user-agents will include the attribute in the {{domxref("DOMStringMap")}} containing all the custom data attributes for an {{domxref("HTMLElement")}}.

If you plan to use {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}, the portion of the attribute name following the `data-` can only include characters allowed in JavaScript property names (and hyphens, which will be removed). The `dataset` version of the attribute name removes the "data-" prefix and converts the rest of the name from snake-case to camelCase. For example, `element.getAttribute("data-test")` is equivalent to `element.dataset.test` and `data-test-abc` will be accessible as `HTMLElement.dataset.testAbc` (or by `HTMLElement.dataset["testAbc"]`). Avoid non-alphabetic characters following a hyphen, such as `data-test-1` or `data--test`,  as they will not be recognized by {{domxref("HTMLElement.dataset")}}.
```
